Fix links to control.ros.org (backport #1083) (#1087)
ros-controls/ros2_control: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/good-first-issue.md

- [ ] 🙋 **Claim this issue**: Comment below. If someone else has claimed it, ask if they've opened a pull request already and if they're stuck -- maybe you can help them solve a problem or move it along!

> <<<<<<< HEAD
> - [ ] 🗄️ **Create a local workspace** for making your changes and testing [following these instructions](https://docs.ros.org/en/galactic/Tutorials/Workspace/Creating-A-Workspace.html), for Step3 use "Download Source Code" section with [these instructions](https://ros-controls.github.io/control.ros.org/getting_started.html#compiling).
> =======
> - [ ] 🗄️ **Create a local workspace** for making your changes and testing [following these instructions](https://docs.ros.org/en/rolling/Tutorials/Workspace/Creating-A-Workspace.html), for Step 3 use "Download Source Code" section with [these instructions](https://control.ros.org/master/doc/getting_started/getting_started.html#building-from-source).
> >>>>>>> 6dec7e9 (Fix links to control.ros.org (#1083))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [ ] 🗄️ **Create a local workspace** for making your changes and testing [following these instructions](https://docs.ros.org/en/humble/Tutorials/Workspace/Creating-A-Workspace.html), for Step 3 use "Download Source Code" section with [these instructions](https://control.ros.org/humble/doc/getting_started/getting_started.html#building-from-source).
```
